--NoMercy MediaServer. The Effortless Encoder.
--A deep report on the orchestration behind NoMercy MediaServer's video and audio encoding. Architecture, codecs, safety net, hardware, content analysis, subtitles, D-R-M, live transcode, disc ripping, distributed encoding, and roadmap.
--Overview. Why we built our own encoder.
p-1
p-2
p-3
p-4
p-5
p-6
h-1
p-7
p-8
p-9
h-2
p-10
p-11
p-12
h-3
p-13
p-14
p-15
p-16
p-17
h-4
p-18
--Walk with me through what it says. At the top, an ID and a name, plus a container of HLS. One video profile: H.264 at 1920 by 1080, CRF 23, medium preset, high profile at level 4.2, 8 bit pixel format, two second keyframes. One audio profile: AAC stereo at 192 kbps, 48 kilohertz, with a language filter that keeps English, Japanese, and French. One subtitle profile in extract mode, WebVTT, English only. And two flags at the top level: auto ladder is on, auto detect crop is on.
p-19
p-20
p-21
h-5
p-22
p-23
p-24
p-25
p-26
p-27
h-6
p-28
p-29
p-30
p-31
p-32
p-33
p-34
p-35
p-36
p-37
p-38
p-39
p-40